Good morning, everybody!
I just wanted to come on today and show you—we've worked so hard, my son did, from my memory of the flag.
Everybody was asking us, "What does the Antichrist flag look like?
" I told my son how it looked and he designed it.
I'm excited to show you.
I know it's something that's dark and very serious, but it's something that came from my memory of when I went to the Tribulation.
This was ten years ago, almost ten years, so I was excited to be able to finally get something that I've had inside of me this whole time out into reality.
Here you go; I'm going to show you—it's going to be right here.
The black represents ISIS, the white represents Al-Qaeda, and the green represents Palestine and Hamas.
They're all on the flag as a thank you for helping bring forth the Mahdi.
There are gold sabers—these swords—and you'll see these palms behind it.
I don't know what that means or why it's there, but then there are stars at the top that go into an arch.
That's the part I had problems remembering—if there were five or seven.
I don't remember all the way because I'm trying to remember everything, and like I said, it's kind of fuzzy.
But I remember looking up and I could see the flag, and there were stars on there in an arch above the world.
There's a globe in the middle of the flag, in the middle of the white.
We worked on it really hard—my son did—from what I remembered in my mind of everything that I saw in the Tribulation.
I'm trying to bring each thing that the Lord puts on my heart to show you all so that the people who are left here know what's coming.
It shows you how close we are to Jesus coming to get us.
I hope you're ready; the time is so short.
Jesus Christ is about to come back and get us, and we're going to go home in the Rapture.
I know there are a lot of people that do not believe in the Rapture.
I see your comments and that's fine—that's your opinion—but that's not my opinion.
I believe in a Rapture of the church.
If you believe that you're going to be here through the Tribulation, God bless you, but I'm never going to agree with you.
You're never going to be able to prove in the Word that we're appointed unto wrath and that we're going to go through all that hell.
I've tried to really think about what you're saying.
So, all the Christians are going to be gathered up in Christian concentration camps—millions of people—and they're not going to fight back?
And I guess the Antichrist is just going to kill all these people and the Christians are all going to die?
I'm trying to figure it out.
I don't understand the whole Tribulation theory.
I'm trying to relate to that so that I'm open-minded about things, but I just think it's crazy.
It's my opinion and I'm entitled to it just like you're entitled to yours, but I think you're wrong—so there.
I just want to say to everybody, a lot of people did not like what I said about the angels.
They say, "Well, you can't commission your angel; you don't have charge over your angels.
The Lord only has charge over the angels.
" They ask, "Where's the scripture to back that?
" You know what?
There is not a verse in the New or Old Testament that I have found that says you can commission your angels.
It's deeper than that; it's algebra.
You are looking for the alphabet—A, B, C, D, E, F, G.
I'm going to take you to the algebra level here, y'all.
You need to go deeper in the Word and what the Word is trying to tell you.
We have dominion, authority, and power as believers.
Since Jesus Christ died on the cross and said, "It is finished," He gave us all power and authority at that moment.
Boom!
We are created in His image.
Whenever the Bible talks about it, it says that even Jesus could have called on all the angels to deliver Him; He had the power to do that, right?
He said that in the Word.
I'm not going to quote the exact chapter and verse here for you, but it says that.
So, as He is, so are we in this earth.
The same power that raised Jesus Christ from the dead dwells on the inside of you.
We have that power.
We are seated with Him in the heavenlies, far above all principalities, powers, and might.
Ephesians talks about how when Christ sat down, we sat down with Him.
The same authority that was on Him on the earth is residing on the inside of us now, and we have the power and authority.
He said, "Go and cast out all the devils, lay hands on the sick, raise the dead, and do the Great Commission.
" In the Great Commission, we have the same power and authority.
We're His ambassadors in the earth.
Just like the United States has an ambassador who goes throughout all the areas and has the United States of America backing them—they have all the finances and military backing they need—we are backed by the Lord Jesus Christ and the Heavens from God our Father.
He is backing us.
We are ambassadors in this earth and we are able to step over anything and everything we need—angelic help, finances, healing.
He's backing us.
"Go into the world and do this.
" We represent Him; we represent the King of Kings.
So when I'm telling you to commission your angels, some people say, "Well, you're telling us to pray to angels.
" No, that is so dumb.
I'm not praying to an angel.
An angel does not take praise, ever.
Even if you go, "Thank you," it's all glory to God.
Every time I've ever had encounters with angels, they are looking to the face of the Lord; they never take any praise.
And if they do, it's a demon.
Remember that.
It's never God's angels; it's the fallen angels that want worship and praise.
Every time they get puffed up; they're prideful and they want to be exalted, like Satan.
But real, true angels that are messengers sent to us to help do not want worship; they worship the Creator.
So to pray to an angel is dumb.
Those comments are dumb.
Listen, what you do is you commission them.
I say, "Go, ministering spirits, in the name of Jesus!
Protect my house from the north to the south, the east to the west.
" I send angels here.
Father, I thank You for Your ministering spirits that are sent for me to protect us right now.
Whenever we get in the car: "Go, ministering spirits!
Gather up the finances and cause favor to come forth today in Jesus' name.
" Help me!
They're helpers.
It's not praying to them; I'm praying in Jesus' name.
You are always looking to Jesus.
He is the one.
We look to Him; we don't look to angels.
Angels are sent to help you, to protect you, and to watch over you.
You're like, "Well, you can't do that.
" I send angels with my kids everywhere.
If they go somewhere: "Father, I send my angels with them right now.
I commission my angels.
" I just don't understand why that's so hard.
Why is that so hard?
I just go, "Wow.
" I commission my angels when I go to the mall or to Walmart or wherever.
"Father, I thank You that Your angels are coming with me right now.
I send my angels with me right now to watch over and protect us, and no calamity comes nigh.
" If you don't want to use them, that's fine, but I'm going to.
And don't come into my comments and start busting on me for it.
Take your comments with you because I'm not going to listen to it anymore.
If you don't want to walk in the supernatural, that's between you and yourself, but I'm going to walk with God.
I'm going to walk in authority, and we're going to cast devils out, and we're going to lay hands on the sick and see them recover.
We're going to raise the dead and do everything the Bible says we can do.
And if you don't want to live that—if you want to be a broke, busted, and disgusted person—then fine by me.
Bye, Felicia!
That's just where I'm at with it.
I don't have time for it.
I'm telling you, Jesus has the best for you, and He wants to see your life change and He wants to see you walk in authority over demonic spirits.
Most people have no idea about the demonic side of things, and I hate talking about the devil—hate it—but I'm going to tell you some things.
You need to know your enemy and you need to understand that most Christians get off by shaking in the aisle and having Holy Ghost goosebumps.
Satanists are into "kill, steal, and destroy.
" They want to destroy governments, homes, and your life by casting spells on you and trying to put sickness on you.
They idolize demons all the time.
Do you understand?
They're not doing it themselves; they send forth demons, and those are fallen angels.
They've tapped into it as devil worshipers to be able to use fallen angels to do their bidding, to do their assignments, and to inflict stuff on the body of Christ.
Why are you so slow?
They're using demonic forces.
We have the power and authority to use God's angels for help in a time of need.
It's not hard.
If y'all realized the dark side and how they dwarf a lot of Christians because you don't understand the supernatural and the spiritual side of things...
You read your Bible like this, but you don't expand it.
You need to grow.
Read the Word and grow.
Stop this.
We've got to come up higher.
We've got to start taking our authority and our dominion and doing what He's commissioned us to do: setting people free from these demons that are binding people up in their dreams and their sleep, and tormenting them with sickness, disease, and strongholds of disease that are generational.
I have such a compassion for people when they tell me in the comments they're tormented by demonic spirits.
I want to show you—it's very important to me—that you know how to anoint your house with oil, that you know how to anoint your child with oil and put a bloodline on them.
I do it all the time.
I anoint my children with oil and I put a bloodline on their forehead and I say, "Father, I thank You that everywhere Your blood is, just like it was with the children of Israel when they put the blood upon the doorpost from the lamb...
" We have a new Lamb, Jesus.
He died for us.
Now I do it by faith: I apply His blood upon my doorposts, and there's not a devil in hell that can cross that bloodline.
You need to put a bloodline over your doors and over your children.
You need to put that mark on their forehead and say, "I put a bloodline over you that no calamity, no COVID, no nothing could come nigh you.
I cover you from the top of your head to the soles of your feet.
No weapon formed against you will prosper.
" As you go to school today—there are a lot of people that need to do this over their kids for safety.
If you're putting them in public school, you need to cover them in the blood.
You need to put a bloodline on them and say, "No calamity comes nigh you.
" I use olive oil, and I march around my house and put a bloodline around my house and I say, "The devil can't cross that bloodline.
No witches, no incantations, no chants, no astral projection can come into my house.
The bloodline is around us.
No weapon formed against us will prosper.
" You need to understand this: putting a bloodline around your house, taking your dominion and authority.
I'll be praying in the Spirit, and in the air I can hear them outside of the bloodline in the spirit realm—the demonic forces trying to come in.
They'll be chanting and doing their thing, and I don't let it bother me.
I just go, "Haha!
You can't get past the blood!
" The blood is sufficient for your sins and for your protection.
Do you understand?
Jesus Christ paid the price for you.
He doesn't want you bound by the devil; He doesn't want you to have strongholds from addictions to all kinds of things.
He wants you free.
For whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
Do you understand that?
There's more to this that I need to share, but you need to go and take the olive oil and put it upon your doorpost and on your bed where you sleep.
If you're tormented in your dreams or in your sleep, put the blood over your door and over your bed where you sleep, and anoint your pillow with oil and say, "I refuse to be tormented anymore in my sleep.
I plead the blood over my dreams.
He gives His beloved restful sleep.
I cover my dreams in the blood; I cover my mind in the blood.
I will not be tormented in my sleep.
" Put a bloodline over your bedpost at your foot and at your head and say, "Where I sleep is covered by the blood of Jesus.
I will not be tormented where I sleep.
" If there are familiar spirits in your house that are tormenting you at night—you have demonic spirits bothering you—you need to anoint your windows, your house, your ceiling, and your floor and say, "Where the bloodline is applied, you cannot cross into my house anymore.
Get out!
" Open the door and say, "Get out!
" Usher them out of your house.
They are not allowed to stay here anymore.
You are covered by the blood of Jesus.
You need to anoint your home, anoint your tires on your car, anoint your house, and walk in authority.
Read Ephesians and know that we are seated with Him in the heavenlies, and know that there is not a demonic spirit that can come into your home unless you allow it.
Some say, "Well, that's Grandpa or Grandma come in to visit us.
" No.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
That is where it happens.
Either you're with the Lord or you're in hell.
There is no Grandma, Grandpa, or cousin who has died before that is lingering around in your house talking to you.
That is a demon.
It is a demon talking to you, and you need to get rid of it, take authority over it, and cast it out.
Do you understand?
People play around with this stuff and they think it's fun and games, but I'm telling you: you play in the realm of darkness and they're going to get you.
You better not play around with darkness.
You better understand it's time to get in the light.
Playing with Ouija boards, Dungeons and Dragons, doing seance stuff, and listening to bad satanic music—you're opening the door for a devil to oppress you or possess you.
They say, "Well, I'm a Christian; I can't be possessed by a devil.
" Not in your spirit, but in your body you can open a door and something can grab ahold of you that you don't want.
I hope you understand this.
When I was a young teenager, I opened a lot of doors and I got oppressed by eight demonic spirits.
I was bound severely.
I went to get deliverance and help through a ministry at the church.
I could feel the demonic spirits.
When I started growling and acting crazy, they wanted to admit me into an insane asylum.
They wanted to put me into an institution and dumb me down with all kinds of medications, but my mom and dad wouldn't let that happen.
They took me to church to get help.
The people didn't know how to help me.
They said they were having a deliverance service, but I actually had a lot of demonic stuff going on and I started growling at the people.
They didn't know how to help me.
When they laid hands on me in fear, trying to pray for me, the devils inside of me got stronger.
I'm trying to tell you, you cannot walk in fear toward a devil; you need to have boldness and faith.
Do you remember the seven sons of Sceva?
They were beat up and torn up because they didn't know their authority.
You need to have authority before you go trying to cast devils out of people.
You need to understand who you are in Christ, because the devil isn't playing games, y'all.
You need to stop playing games with him and take your authority.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
Well, I got free.
I'm going to tell you: when you were as bound as I was, you want to tell everybody you can that Jesus Christ will set you free.
I'm telling you, I'll never be bound another day in my life, not by another demonic spirit ever like that.
Don't open the door to the devil because when you do, he'll run right in on you.
You need to understand that.
Don't play games with sin because you're opening the door for an attack; he'll attach himself to you to try to get a stronghold on you and run your life.
So you need to stay in the Word, stay prayed up, and use wisdom.
I know this is a pretty strong video, but I just felt like it's necessary.
You need to understand this stuff.
Thanks if you're still watching.
All right, well, have a blessed day.
Bye-bye.